 how it ended, and during it the only sound in their house was the radio playing low in the background while they cooked and cleaned and did their quiet work. In the morning of the seventh day he found the letter on the windowsill, where it had dried into a thin brittle sheet. It was short, a single side of the envelope, and in his hand it felt like a small pale leaf. He thought he knew whose handwriting it was, but he wasn't sure. All he knew was that it was an apology, without any of the things that made an apology bearable. That night, before they went to bed, he said nothing, and she said nothing, and when he turned off the light he was still holding the thin paper in his hand. When was the letter moved to the kitchen table? - In the morning of the fourth day - In the morning of the seventh day - not enough information - In the morning of the second day
In the morning of the fourth day
(Question)
I have been a teacher for many years and in all those years, there are two events that I remember very clearly. The first was back when I was a new, young teacher and I was assigned to teach a class of children with many behavioral issues. These children were so challenging for me that I was on the verge of burning out. I could not find any manageability in the classroom. Everything I tried seemed to have little to no effect. The more I tried, the more exhausted I became both mentally and physically. There was one day, I was so tired, I could not stand to be in the classroom. I was dreading going in. As I sat in my car, I prayed silently for guidance. Suddenly, in the stillness of my soul, I felt a deep peace wash over me like a warm wave. I didn’t understand where it came from or how it happened but it was the most precious feeling I had ever experienced. It seemed to fill me with an energy that lifted me up and filled me with hope. When I entered the classroom, it was like I entered a room where a single light was shining just on me. I couldn’t see the students, but I could see everything else. The board seemed to be almost glowing as if it was just for me. The students’ faces were peaceful and I didn’t care if they were behaving or not. It was the most peaceful, and I was so happy in that state. When the bell rang, it was still one of the most precious moments of my life. I wish I could have carried that feeling every day afterwards. I didn’t understand the source of it then, but I know it was a gift. One of the things that is so fascinating to me, is how we as humans, can have such a deep need to be understood, to be heard, to be known that it can break us. Yet, when we actually take the time to listen, to hear, it can be a healing balm to the soul. I remember another time this happened. I was in the process of closing up my classroom for the day and gathering up all the things I had taught. I was emotional about this, and probably more than I should have been but it was a necessary closing of a chapter in my life. I needed to feel that I had done something... Why did the author feel like she had "been blessed"? - not enough information - Because she was given a gift of peace in her classroom - Because the students were behaving well - Because she was promoted
(Answer)
Because she was given a gift of peace in her classroom
Ques: I was a student at the University of Florida when I first encountered the concept of service-learning. As part of the university's First-Year Experience program, my professor for the course required that we perform 30 hours of service in the local community as part of our curriculum. At first, I was not very enthusiastic about the idea. I am a very busy student at the time, so I didn't know how in the world I was going to fit community service into my schedule. It seemed like an added burden: in addition to all of my classes, I would need to find a way to perform 30 hours of service in a two-week span. As the date for the completion of this service approach drew near, I found myself wondering what exactly I was going to do and how I was going to do it. I decided to take a closer look at the service-learning concept and how it could actually be implemented in my life. I knew that I was a health pre-med student and so I thought: maybe if I could find a way to connect my desired future profession with serving the community I would be more interested in doing it. I started to think of health fairs and medical mission trips. I liked the sound of those ideas but my gut told me those types of service opportunities would be more complicated to arrange. Then, I thought of the local free clinics near my school. I started visiting the free clinic every Saturday to observe what they do and who they help. I really liked what I was seeing! The nurses and doctors were friendly and the children were so happy when they received basic medical care. I also liked the idea that I would be providing future doctors and nurses with the opportunity to perform service work (through having them shadow us at the free clinic). The summer I started this project, I had a lot of doubts about my ability to pull this off successfully. I was afraid that I would take on too much and not be able to complete the service hours requirement. Thankfully, through the guidance of my professor, I was able to break down the project into smaller components and keep track of the hours as I went along. It made the... After this story, the author probably: - not enough information - Felt better organized. - Decided to go into medicine - Stopped volunteering at the clinic
Ans:<|im_end|>
<|im_start|>assistant
Felt better organized.