 not before the quarter earnings. The client's call had been equally blunt: "If you can't get the funding, you can't do the trade." The answer was that the funding was there, just not on the curve the client expected. The client was unhappy. So was the client's broker. And so was the risk manager. The conversation ended with a promise to check the numbers again and, if necessary, to call back in a day or two with an explanation. No one was satisfied, but that was the best that could be managed on a slow Friday morning with a long weekend ahead. One thing was clear: this would not be the last time funding would affect a major trade. Question: Who was the risk manager? === The answer to the above question is

Answer: A dealer


As it turned out, Greg would have had a hard time canceling the check, even if he'd changed his mind. "I have a good job, and I need to keep it," he said. "This job paid for the car I got last year. It helped me to buy my first two years at community college. I'm not getting state assistance because I work full-time." Greg was sitting in the kitchen of his small apartment. He'd spent eight hours grading papers for three different teachers that morning and wouldn't leave until midnight. He always took the work home with him so he could grade it later in the evening. It paid the bills but didn't leave him much time for himself. He was a single father of two, and the older of his children, Molly, was starting college at the end of the semester. He had convinced himself that he could do this. He'd always been a strong one for himself; his mother had actually helped him to believe in himself, when he could have easily fallen into a pit of despair. Plus, he had a good head for numbers, and enjoyed the challenge of a complicated problem or a difficult equation. As a math teacher, that was the thing he liked most about teaching. The kids could be a handful, but he always came out of the classroom with a smile. He loved seeing the light go on in the eyes of a child when he explained something that was confusing. There was never a moment in his nine years of teaching that he regretted being a teacher. Now, as he watched Molly being handed her letter from NC State, he felt that same light for her. "So are you going to the party this Saturday?" Greg asked. "Did you say yes?" "Yes! Of course I did!" Molly answered, smiling. "I wouldn't miss it for the world, Dad. Are you going to try to find a woman to dance with?" "Oh, I don't know. I never tried to dance before. Don't you want to find a partner?" "Not really, Dad. I just want to hang out with my friends. This whole 'being grown up' thing is really confusing to me, but I'm happy anyway." Question: When does Molly go to the party? === The answer to the above question is

Answer: After her college takes off


The U.S. Senate passed a $81 billion spending bill Tuesday in an evenly divided 50-50 vote, that funding the government through the rest of the fiscal year. The measure was not a budget in the strictest sense, because it includes some popular "discretionary" items in addition to hundreds of billions for continuing popular programs like Social Security and Medicare. It raises the U.S. debt ceiling for the current fiscal year from $19.7 trillion to $20.1 trillion, which would prevent the legal government deficit from exceeding that amount. If the 98 senators voted as they did over the past two weeks, it would be the first time in 44 years that the Senate has not passed a budget. The last time the Senate failed to approve a budget was the 1970s, during the Watergate scandal. The budget that passed this week includes $12 billion for the Pentagon, $10 billion for the development of a space-based infrared telescope, $1.6 billion for the environmental protection agency, and $400 million for a new study of the history of Africa. In a symbolic move, a one-line description of the bill was simply "Keep Spending". The white house had pressed for a number of spending bills in the coming week, including $5 billion for disaster relief following this month's hurricanes, which the House of Representatives already approved. The Senate however refused to approve an emergency relief bill last week, citing that the White House had not included all the parameters requested by the Senate in a companion bill. With the debate over spending for the government's current operations concluded for now, attention in Washington will turn to the annual budget in early 2012. President Barack Obama had called for $4 billion in new spending cuts in his proposed budget, and many analysts are looking for ways those cuts could be made in the current bill. "If I had one wish, it would be that the debate over budget would take as long as possible," said Senator Patty Murray, who is one of the few members of Congress with a reputation for supporting the idea of reducing the federal deficit. Question: Who wanted the $4 billion in new spending cuts? === The answer to the above question is

Answer:<|im_end|>
<|im_start|>assistant
Barack Obama